here's someone wrote to the kitchen no matter wait
By the way, I posted a Instagram photo without
cosmetics in general what I am involved
a project called glue on glue
pva and on frequency and many in the comments
Katya wrote how to be so without
Cosmetics What a garbage that for did
so seriously remember those people here you
the motivation to never
complex dad such moronic
comments under your photo
remember, you and I will be at least 1000 times
pimply wrinkled scary
terrible you and I will still
more beautiful than those who leave us nasty
comments down below because those people
disgusting inside but here's what's inside
it cannot be decorated with cosmetics not
clothes devoting nothing with it
quality cosmetics does not make us
more beautiful it makes us a not know
happier at some point what we
enjoy the fact that everything
we put it to
so I decided to draft the part by practicing
glue boil frequency and you can leave
no comments below or also
comments below instagram under this
photo with questions this Saturday at 14:00
will be broadcast on the wedge glue channel
Please answer your questions so that
ask questions about some truth
which ethics will be on purity because
what is the project itself we have very
close because i believe that whatever
and the fur coat was not worn so that I did not do
seriously i can go out dressed like
nothing is made up and it is clear that
it may not shoot on me no
problems with the fact that I'm meeting someone on
the street well and not afraid of the nerd complex
i billing is correct
motives do not know how that damn like that
called ideas
when people need to move the masses and can
to be honored
constrained ourselves so now let's
run one more often we will run another
one your cane these wrote text
go after and so here you need
fight with complexes even here
amazing rihanna
And I without cosmetics And I don't care because
that complex guys in the head are on their face
so remember once and for all each
girl without makeup queen youngsters
goddess well, that lysine overslept about cracked
you even about you now even did
a small tour of the apartment will show all sorts
become and why bought in IKEA because
something interesting that we bought it okay
here are these 4 pillows plush and one
this long is all okay and
pillow cases and pillows interiors too
carries bought there I appeared here
older than my bought did he leave the house
brought what else we bought here
such are the things because they do
everything is nicer now and by the way these are
here they are just hearts on batteries here
such is the beauty and I am again in mode
gas 50 what is there and you need to know
be sure to look at the size of this
cup just look not even hard
lift I bought what to drink to whom and
every time i put a mug on
place i 'm afraid saucer even this dish
more like a basin no matter I decided
do not combine two sofas let them be
fun ride this whole room is very bright
and I like it like mine
the previous room of my apartment where
was and lived with my parents but you know
she just extended I decided that I
I can get away here for me here
work area here I rest and generally
are invited to the guests that did not sit
the bedroom is the same for you later I'll show
I decided that I want to make working areas
cheerful this is my kitchen 2 nano
she 's on the fillet of simple things
potato and peel and bottle opener
cans
and another strainer you are very interested
of course because you love everyone
cola like this from my kitchen I love
here to cook and even buckwheat yourself
cats do all sorts of pleasure with zoom
and look back on he came up with one
place quite recently, it was here
the window sill that is she is but she
bedded him a pillow sewed yet
Here are these pads put so in the summer
I will sit on now while blowing hard
tickets will sit down drink coffee and
watch the sunset
we are too scared to me too and this is mine
corridor and further bedroom
darling you are my little baby you
already asleep but here again there is such
my mint lamp
put a candle so vanilla is cute and
Here, too, lies the truth garland
pink guests on this white she also
lights up and
and I have such a romantic still here
some flowers you appeared such
all as in glamorous pretty is my
sleeping bag and am i sometimes from you call
cute names when we are not very gentle
call luci luci luci
girls and still probably show your
better because here i sit mount
my work space and I have a view from
the windows there everything is better than thorian
there is not worth the equipment and you can
turn on the light also starts with
off light because so
romantic view from the window
i'm sitting here such la la la everything
man
Iran report kicks and look at the beautiful
view from the window
Here is such a home I am very happy
live alone because it helps me
shoot more
and see it myself saying goodbye to you bye
I'm very tired